New Advanced chapter on Extensions (#883)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/beyond_basics/101-180-next.rst

New features are introduced into ``datalad-next`` first, and, once tested for a sufficient amount of time and deemed useful, adopted in the core datalad package.
As such, ``datalad-next`` isn't confined to a topical set of features, but provides functionality with broad applicability.
Some of this functionality takes the form of new stand-alone commands, while other functionality concerns improvements of existing commands under the hood via a special patch mechanism or modern reimplementations of established concepts.

As development in this extension is dynamic, the best place to find and up-to-date overview of functionality is in its `source repository <https://github.com/datalad/datalad-next#summary-of-functionality-provided-by-this-extension>`_.

.. figure:: ../artwork/src/future_view.svg

Selected features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ideal way to stay up-to-date on gooey developments is its documentation at `docs.datalad.org/projects/next <http://docs.datalad.org/projects/next/en/latest/>`_.
A few selected commands are featured here, nevertheless.

datalad tree
""""""""""""

The :command:`datalad tree` visualizes directory and dataset hierarchies.

> It mimics the UNIX/MSDOS 'tree' utility to generate and display a directory tree, with DataLad-specific enhancements.

Author: ```suggestion
It mimics the UNIX/MS-DOS 'tree' utility to generate and display a directory tree, with DataLad-specific enhancements.
```
